Python 3 ONLY (#480)
fireeye/capa: doc/installation.md

You'll find that the `capa.exe` (Windows) or `capa` (Linux/MacOS) executables in your path now invoke the capa binary from this directory.

#### Development

##### venv [optional]

> In development, we recommend you to use [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html). It allows you to create a virtual environment: a self-contained directory tree that contains a Python installation for a particular version of Python, plus a number of additional packages. This approach avoids conflicts between the requirements of different applications in your computer. It also ensures that you don't overlook to add a new requirement to `setup.up by` using a library already installed in your computer.

Reviewer: change `setup.up by` to `setup.py`

> In development, we recommend you to use [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html). It allows you to create a virtual environment: a self-contained directory tree that contains a Python installation for a particular version of Python, plus a number of additional packages. This approach avoids conflicts between the requirements of different applications in your computer. It also ensures that you don't overlook to add a new requirement to `setup.up by` using a library already installed in your computer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For development, we recommend to use [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html). It allows you to create a virtual environment: a self-contained directory tree that contains a Python installation for a particular version of Python, plus a number of additional packages. This approach avoids conflicts between the requirements of different applications on your computer. It also ensures that you don't overlook to add a new requirement to `setup.up` using a library already installed on your system.
```

To create an environment (in the parent directory, to avoid commiting it by accident or messing with the linters), run:

> `$ python3 -m venv ../capa-env`

Reviewer 2: Other options more developers seem to use are `<project>/.venv` or `<project>/.env`, but these are only recommendations here.

Author: I took this from the official documentation: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

Reviewer 2: Right, I was only referring to the location of where to create the `venv` (outside the project dir vs. inside).

Author: aah! that is a good idea 👍  we could add those to `.gitignore`

Author: the problem is still that we have to remember excluding then from isort and black. I have just remember that was the reason to move it outside. I tend to think that it is easier to put it outside. Any other opinions?

Reviewer 3: i keep mine outside to avoid .gitignore other similar issues.

i dont think we should spend too much time explaining to developers how to configure their systems, so if putting it outside makes this easier, my vote is for that.

> To create an environment (in the parent directory, to avoid commit it by accident and that it mess up with the linters), run:
> `$ python3 -m venv ../capa-env`
> 
> To activate `capa-env` in Linux or MacOS, run:
> `$ source ../capa-env/bin/activate`
> 
> To activate `capa-env` in Windows, run:
> `$ ..\capa-env\Scripts\activate.bat`
> 
> For more details about creating and using virtual environments, check [venv documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an environment (in the parent directory, to avoid commiting it by accident or messing with the linters), run:
`$ python3 -m venv ../capa-env`

To activate `capa-env` in Linux or MacOS, run:
`$ source ../capa-env/bin/activate`

To activate `capa-env` in Windows, run:
`$ ..\capa-env\Scripts\activate.bat`

For more details about creating and using virtual environments, check out the [venv documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html).
```
